Open issues with OOP vs DOD

1. The world is continuous.
world is currently level based

2. There is a farm that you start in, need to be able to specify how big.
Not reading farm config from anywhere

3. There is a path to the woods guarded by bears
Currently, the path and the woods are the same thing. Need to make the woods
and path separate.

4. The woods is a random encounter area. BOTH
Have to add random encounter code... wait, that means we have fighting in the woods... that means fighting?!

5. There is a path to the shop
Add a path to get to the shop from the farm. This should probably be configurable length too.

6. There is a locked path to the cliffs
There is a new world bit. The cliffs. Need a path to that too.

7. where rare herbs can be picked.
I guess we need to add some things to be picked, make it like farm, you can't sew, the tiles are already fully grown.

8. There are no gaps in the world tiles.
Make the floor tiles unit sized. Might need to fix the art to show the grid better.

9. The edge needs filling in too.
So, where we currently don't render a tile, render a tile that represents *stuff*

10. The ploughed earth can have seeds/cuttings planted in it.
have to add the cutting sewing. Should probably start it off half grown.

11. number and type of seeds/cuttings must be shown on screen. Use an icon.
Add an icon in the hud.

12. you can harvest fully grown plants, or fully grown and fruiting plants.
Need to have a way of harvesting that doesn't pull up the plant, just change it's state to not having fruit.

13. harvest chests to get gold. > They don't go away, but take time to fruit again...
Add fruiting as a thing that plants can do (and render)

14. harvest locked doors to get keys. >  They also don't go away. Never fruit again?
Need an attribute of the plantable things whether they are harvested, or have fruit.

15. harvesting owls has a 100% change of unploughing the field. > Unless the player has bought the improved spade (then specified amount).
Add to config

16. The plants grow over time (specified).
Add to config

17. If they do, they only give fruit after they are fully grown. > Initially half the normal fruit griwing time.
Some fruit growing logic required here.

18. the plants should always blow gently in the wind. Unless they are trees.
Unless they are trees... so, animate things that don't fruit.

19. Owls, Money, Doors, Broadleaf, Raspberry, Peach tree, Arrowroot, make it so we can add new ones from script.
Start making plants generic rather than via enum. Need to be able to change all these things via script.

20. If you get to the chest at the end of the path to the woods, you get some gold.
Gonna need to make the chest passable.

21. Which is cool. You should show this on screen. Animate the coins going into your gold counter.
Animated coins. Probably best to animate them from world space to screen space via some configurable stuff.

22. We need to be able to add new stuff to the shop.
Shop needs to be lua drive too.

